# Omnis_2020
For Omnis Studio 8.1.1 and above.

Omnis-2020 is a JSON defined component built around the Before-After-Script from Zurb available from https://github.com/zurb/twentytwenty.

## Contents

This repository includes the following:

### dist
A folder containing the JSON definition file control.json as generated by the JSON Control Editor available from the Omnis Studio Add-Ons menu together with images used by the Omnis Studio component store and design environment.

### ctl_2020.js
The Javascript file used by Omnis Studio to communicate with jquery.twentytwenty.js file. Built up from the template file created by the JSON Control Editor Build option.

### res
As downloaded from https://github.com/zurb/twentytwenty.

### JSSIGNATURE
A folder containing an Omnis Studio library exported as JSON to demonstrate the Omnis Signature component.

## Installation
1. Ensure Omnis Studio is closed.
2. Place the folder 2020 into the \html\controls (not \htmlcontrols) of your Omnis Studio tree, first creating the folder if it does not already exist.
3. Copy ctrl_2020.js, jquery.twentytwenty.js and jquery.event.move.js into \html\scripts of your Omnis Studio tree.  
3. Copy 2020.min.css into \html\css of your Omnis Studio tree.
4. Add the following lines to your \html\jsctempl.htm file under the Omnis Studio JavaScript client:

```css  
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/2020.min.css" media="screen" />
```
```javascript
 <script type="text/javascript" src="scripts/jquery.twentytwenty.js"></script>
 <script type="text/javascript" src="scripts/jquery.event.move.js"></script>   
 <script type="text/javascript" src="scripts/ctrl_2020.js"></script>
```
5. Start Omnis Studio.
6. With the libraries node selected in the Studio Browser, press the New Lib from JSON hyperlink, set the JSON Tree Path to the OMNIS_JS2020 folder (containing demo library exported as JSON) and select a location for your new library.
7.	Press Import and the demo library should be ready to use.